valtteri.wikstrom/Laser cut box exercise/README.md, before:

## Exercise: Laser cut box

### Valtteri Wikström

Our exercise for the laser cutter was to cut out a box that can be put together without glue. The suggestion was to use boxmaker or another tool that automatically makes the flaps for a specified size box, then to find the right settings for kerf etc. As I need a raspberry pi box for my project, I decided to start out with one already.

Designing one for myself from scratch would have been a lot of work and trial+error, so I decided to do it the open design way, and ventured into the Thingiverse. I found the drawings for [Adafruit's Pi Box](http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:24461) which I thought seemed nice and simple, also inline with the requirements.

For exercise I edited the flaps, so I had one more flap on one side. I also enlarged the flaps around 0.2mm to account for kerfing.

### Note:
For some reason, exporting svg from Adobe Illustrator and importing it into CorelDraw ended up with a miniature model (around 3:4 scale). Saving AI file and importing that into CorelDraw worked fine.


## LICENSE
Creative Commons 2.5 Share-alike

Commit message:

linked pictures to box exercise

valtteri.wikstrom/Laser cut box exercise/README.md, after:

## Exercise: Laser cut box

### Valtteri Wikström

Our exercise for the laser cutter was to cut out a box that can be put together without glue. The suggestion was to use boxmaker or another tool that automatically makes the flaps for a specified size box, then to find the right settings for kerf etc. As I need a raspberry pi box for my project, I decided to start out with one already.

Designing one for myself from scratch would have been a lot of work and trial+error, so I decided to do it the open design way, and ventured into the Thingiverse. I found the drawings for [Adafruit's Pi Box](http://www.thingiverse.com/thing:24461) which I thought seemed nice and simple, also inline with the requirements.

For exercise I edited the flaps, so I had one more flap on one side. I also enlarged the flaps around 0.2mm to account for kerfing.

### Note:
For some reason, exporting svg from Adobe Illustrator and importing it into CorelDraw ended up with a miniature model (around 3:4 scale). Saving AI file and importing that into CorelDraw worked fine.


## Pictures
![Box with extra parts](https://github.com/DigitalFabricationStudio/Project_0.2/blob/master/valtteri.wikstrom/Laser%20cut%20box%20exercise/box1.jpg)

![Box with pi inside](https://github.com/DigitalFabricationStudio/Project_0.2/blob/master/valtteri.wikstrom/Laser%20cut%20box%20exercise/box2.jpg)


## LICENSE
Creative Commons 2.5 Share-alike
