matti.niinimaki/README.md, before:

# Matti Niinimäki
# TITLE OF THE PROJECT

Personal project developed during the Digital Fabrication Studio course, 0.2 edition

Both of these proposals include electronics, but that really shouldn't be an issue as the electronics part of both projects are already working. The part that is missing is the design of the housing.

## PROPOSAL 01 - Chameleon Lamp

<img alt="lamp sketch" src="https://raw.github.com/DigitalFabricationStudio/Project_0.2/master/matti.niinimaki/images/chameleon_lamp_sketch-01.png" />

Chameleon Lamp is a lamp that changes its color based on the color of the surface it's placed on. A color sensor on the bottom of the lamp detects the color of the surface and controls an RGB light inside the lamp.

### Materials

#### Base of the lamp
<ul>
	<li>Laser cut MDF or plywood</li>
</ul>

#### The Lamp Shade
<ul>
<li>Diffused acrylic</li>
</ul>

#### Electronics
<ul>
<li>BlinkM MaxM</li>
<li>HDJD-S822 Color Sensor Breakout</li>
</ul>

## PROPOSAL 02 - Portable Sound Museum

Äänimuseo [Sound Museum] is an interactive sound installation that I originally created for the Koukkuniemi Home for the Elderly in spring 2011 in collaboration with Media Museum Rupriikki. It is a tool that allows the people living in Koukkuniemi to reminisce and share their memories with the help of auditory and haptic cues.

I would like to try to develop a similar system in a much smaller form factor. The RFID reader and the small linux computer would be embedded inside a hexagon or round shaped enclosure. 

The RFID reader would be placed on the center of the enclosure. The reading area of the reader would be marked on top of the surface by etching a pattern on it.

I will also design a generic base object for holding the RFID tags.

### Materials
<ul>
	<li>Enclosure: Laser cut MDF or plywood.</li>
	<li>Objects with embedded RFID tags: Laser cut MDF/plywood or 3d printed PLA plastic</li>
</ul>

#### Electronics
<ul>
<li>ID ISC.PR101 13,56MHz Proximity RFID Reader</li>
<li>fit-PC2i (http://www.fit-pc.com/web/fit-pc/fit-pc2i-specifications/)</li>
<li>RFID tags</li>
</ul>

#### Links
<a href ="http://mansteri.com/works/aanimuseo/">The Sound Museum</a>


## LICENSE
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/deed.en_US"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/3.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/deed.en_US">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License</a>.

Commit message:

Updated project description with a link to a project that exists. 3d Print documentation

matti.niinimaki/README.md, after:

# Matti Niinimäki
# TITLE OF THE PROJECT

Personal project developed during the Digital Fabrication Studio course, 0.2 edition

Both of these proposals include electronics, but that really shouldn't be an issue as the electronics part of both projects are already working. The part that is missing is the design of the housing.

## PROPOSAL 01 - Chameleon Lamp

I was just working on this and noticed that this actually exists. With the same name even: <a href ="http://www.thinkgeek.com/product/dde2/">http://www.thinkgeek.com/product/dde2/</a>

<img alt="lamp sketch" src="https://raw.github.com/DigitalFabricationStudio/Project_0.2/master/matti.niinimaki/images/chameleon_lamp_sketch-01.png" />

Chameleon Lamp is a lamp that changes its color based on the color of the surface it's placed on. A color sensor on the bottom of the lamp detects the color of the surface and controls an RGB light inside the lamp.

### Materials

#### Base of the lamp
<ul>
	<li>Laser cut MDF or plywood</li>
</ul>

#### The Lamp Shade
<ul>
<li>Diffused acrylic</li>
</ul>

#### Electronics
<ul>
<li>BlinkM MaxM</li>
<li>HDJD-S822 Color Sensor Breakout</li>
</ul>

## PROPOSAL 02 - Portable Sound Museum

Äänimuseo [Sound Museum] is an interactive sound installation that I originally created for the Koukkuniemi Home for the Elderly in spring 2011 in collaboration with Media Museum Rupriikki. It is a tool that allows the people living in Koukkuniemi to reminisce and share their memories with the help of auditory and haptic cues.

I would like to try to develop a similar system in a much smaller form factor. The RFID reader and the small linux computer would be embedded inside a hexagon or round shaped enclosure. 

The RFID reader would be placed on the center of the enclosure. The reading area of the reader would be marked on top of the surface by etching a pattern on it.

I will also design a generic base object for holding the RFID tags.

### Materials
<ul>
	<li>Enclosure: Laser cut MDF or plywood.</li>
	<li>Objects with embedded RFID tags: Laser cut MDF/plywood or 3d printed PLA plastic</li>
</ul>

#### Electronics
<ul>
<li>ID ISC.PR101 13,56MHz Proximity RFID Reader</li>
<li>fit-PC2i (http://www.fit-pc.com/web/fit-pc/fit-pc2i-specifications/)</li>
<li>RFID tags</li>
</ul>

#### Links
<a href ="http://mansteri.com/works/aanimuseo/">The Sound Museum</a>


## LICENSE
<a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/deed.en_US"><img alt="Creative Commons License" style="border-width:0" src="http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-nc-sa/3.0/88x31.png" /></a><br />This work is licensed under a <a rel="license" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/deed.en_US">Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License</a>.
